Tasks issued, parsing of json file for red, blue, and other colors to a new json file,
and to run a Jenkins instance to build a VScode task combined with Docker, Minikube and Kube Helm.

Json quick test was done using JQ.
Text files include things such as terminal entries and json parsing. Image files show some successes and failures I had. 

Some background:
I actually had more issues getting the environment set up for the jenkins task than doing the task itself. First, I tried using
an Ubuntu 18.04 installation through Virtualbox on Windows, only to find out that Virtualbox doesn't support nested virtualization
with VT-X (or at least, no version i could get did). This threw a bit of a wrench in the plans, and I had to start from scratch.
Next, I installed Ubuntu on some free space with dual-boot, but the installation itself was a mess and hanged from the smallest things
due to the laptop i'm on trying to use inexistent Nvidia drivers (wasn't a problem on the virtualbox machine). So eventually
I found that out and disabled the relevant device in grub before install until I could get the drivers installed (Even the ubuntu install was
hanging after the post-install restart). All this coupled with a lack of sleep recently and my calendar being filled with appointments and school
made me feel in quite a rush.

What problems did I have with the tasks themselves?
There's a whole lot of variety in how one can accomplish them, so experience seems to play a large role. For one, until recently 
I haven't been involved with json and yaml as much, so finding a quick and modular way to deal with the first task took more time than actually doing it in the end.
I ended up using jq for the power and relative ease of use. With more experience, I'm sure I could get through harder tasks involving json with it.
A bash script for jq makes the task less time-consuming.
As for the jenkins task, installing the supporting environment itself was easy (ignoring the problems described earlier, though those were more of a time-consuming factor).
Where I had some sense of confusion however, was the jenkins installation, as there is a wealth of ways to install and use it.
As I had some issues involving time available for doing the task, so far I opted for a more basic configuration.

I succeeded in installing sonarqube, but have not run it alongside jenkins yet.

All in all, the tasks themselves were successes I'd say, overall.

What would I change if I was doing these tasks myself in a more serious environment, or even in general?
In the jenkins task, I would swap to using
actual k8s on dedicated servers, or use microk8s for tasks that suit a local machine like my laptop.


